Migrate batch 1 of independent ilib packages into the monorepo (#46)
iLib-js/ilib-mono: docs/migration.md

# Migration of existing ilib-js packages to monorepo

Below is a list of aspect that need to be accounted for when migrating existing ilib-js packages into the monorepo. Please note this list is not exhaustive and also that it may be updated as the repo evolves.

-   **History**
    -   Package should be migrated along with its commit history using [`git subtree`](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/git-subtree) - this is automated through [`scripts/add_repo.sh`](../scripts/add_repo.sh); remember to do a _regular merge_ (not a _squash merge_) when merging the migration PR
    -   Original package repository should have a deprecation notice with a link to the monorepo and it should be marked as [archived](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/archiving-repositories); see [`scripts/push_deprecation.sh`](../scripts/push_deprecation.sh) and [`scripts/archive_repos.sh`](../scripts/archive_repos.sh)

>     -   Tags/releases should be migrated in the new format `<package-name>-v<version>` (e.g. `ilib-common-v1.0.0`); thanks to using subtree, commits of those tags will NOT change; see [`scripts/sync_tags.sh`](../scripts/sync_tags.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Tags/releases should be migrated in the new format `<package-name>@<version>` (e.g. `ilib-common@1.0.0`); thanks to using subtree, commits of those tags will NOT change; see [`scripts/sync_tags.sh`](../scripts/sync_tags.sh)
```

Reviewer: (Use the changeset style of tags now.)
